daily_logs/day_001.md, before:

# Day 1: Environment Setup

## Objectives
1.  Ensure you have a code editor (VS Code recommended).
2.  Set up a Python Virtual Environment.
3.  Run your first Jupyter Notebook.

## Steps

### 1. Install VS Code
Since the `code` command wasn't found, you might need to install VS Code or add it to your PATH.
- Download: [https://code.visualstudio.com/](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
- After installing, open the "Command Palette" (Cmd+Shift+P) and type "Shell Command: Install 'code' command in PATH".

### 2. Set up a Project Directory
We have already created `ai-engineer-roadmap` for you.
Open this folder in VS Code.

### 3. Create a Virtual Environment
In your terminal (inside VS Code), run:
```bash
python3 -m venv .venv
source .venv/bin/activate
```
You should see `(.venv)` in your terminal prompt.

### 4. Install Dependencies
We need `jupyter` and `pandas` to start.
```bash
pip install jupyter pandas
```

### 5. Create a Notebook
1.  Create a new file named `hello_ai.ipynb`.
2.  In the first cell, type:
    ```python
    print("Hello, AI Engineer!")
    import pandas as pd
    print(f"Pandas version: {pd.__version__}")
    ```
3.  Run the cell (Shift+Enter).

## Assignment
Complete the steps above. Once done, let me know, and we will move to Day 2!

Commit message:

Initialize uv project and update instructions

daily_logs/day_001.md, after:

# Day 1: Environment Setup

## Objectives
1.  Ensure you have a code editor (VSCodium).
2.  Set up a Python Virtual Environment using `uv`.
3.  Run your first Jupyter Notebook.

## Steps

### 1. Install VSCodium
You mentioned you have VSCodium installed. Great choice!
- Ensure you have the Python extension installed in VSCodium.

### 2. Install `uv`
We have installed `uv` for you using Homebrew.
You can verify it by running:
```bash
uv --version
```

### 3. Initialize Project
If you have cloned this repository, the project is already initialized.
Simply run:
```bash
uv sync
```
This will install all dependencies defined in `pyproject.toml` into a virtual environment.

If you were starting from scratch, you would run `uv init` and then `uv add jupyter pandas`.

### 4. Verify Installation
Check if the environment is set up correctly:
```bash
uv run python --version
```

### 5. Create a Notebook
1.  Create a new file named `hello_ai.ipynb`.
2.  In the first cell, type:
    ```python
    print("Hello, AI Engineer!")
    import pandas as pd
    print(f"Pandas version: {pd.__version__}")
    ```
3.  **Select Kernel**: Click on "Select Kernel" in the top right of the notebook. Select "Python Environments" -> ".venv" (the one created by uv).
4.  Run the cell (Shift+Enter).

## Assignment
Complete the steps above. Once done, let me know, and we will move to Day 2!
